Worst time to take a #Selfie 
When I'm bored I take selfiez
Shine bright like a 'Diamond'
Was going to take a shot at the bar when the song changed. But first let me take a #selfie 
today I got a lesson on how to do a #selfie
I turn into a cheese ball 
Getting ready to go out
I am surprised by how often superhero films get villains wrong. Villains are a joy to write.
Dang, how do you let go of something you want so bad? Some things are just not meant to be, no matter how bad you want them to.
Since everyone complains that I never smile, here ya go
But first. Let me take a #Selfie
It's crazy how you can go months or years without talking to someone but they still cross your mind everyday.
I'm a selfie whore and I'm proud
Coconut Badger says YASS!
Waiting for that serendipity to happen.
I constantly tell myself ''I'm done'' but then I find myself trying again
tips on how to properly enter my room: 1. don't
Good to see u again
how is this just friendship i mean let's all be honest 
I'm watching spider man and I'm in shock! Wtf? How does this even happen?
I want someone to stay no matter how hard it is to be with me
How did this happen
I scoped the deets once. And i will scope the deets again. Read, comprehend, repeat, scope the deets..that is my promise, as your president.
I don't go to sleep early for school. Can't nobody tell me what to do. Fuck school. But I'm a still g
Let's bump this when were in bed
Da crew x x x
when one of the boys does something cute when you're in public 
That one friend that obnoxiously talks and has the loudest voice ever when your watching a movie
I wish someone liked me enough to drunk call me bc i would feel special that they were thinking about me when they werent even sober :/
When your greatest struggle approaches you have hope. Live by it. Become it. #Hope
Then you start thinking of what it could be, and you realize just how much is wrong.
Umma Killa
Thanks for the support, true fans. But again, I dare those who think they can do my job to audition. I wanna see how they fare..
I don't really like being wrong but I have to remember that it's okay sometimes.
When I see fan merch I want, my heart says yes but my wallet says HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA no.
PS, can't believe how close we are to 40K. It means a lot. Thank you guys.
Best #Selfie ever .... 
How I'm feeling right about now
How you BROKE but you always got money for weed?
84 unread mails. I miss my nomadic life. How was i tricked into this monotony?
DON'T STOP LYRIC VIDEO COMES OUT IN TWO HOURS
took thee most original #selfie ever this mornin
like the ladybug on bugs life.
I'm probably the only person in the universe that actually quite likes that #SELFIE song 
Turns out my arms aren't long enough to get the entire #selfie
#Selfie It's the new autograph.
Fuck with me you know I got it
why put cookie dough in the oven when you can put it in your mouth
Selfie Sunday #selfie
Why waste your time waiting for something uncertain when something certain is waiting right in front of you?
It's Back Again!
How many mighty men did King David have?
Never happens how you plan it
WHY WHY WHY IS THIS HELLA ACCURATE 
Why everybody want me to make a shovel freestyle? lol It was funny but not that funny...
If something doesn't exist why not create it?
I know God has a reason for everything that happens, but I lay in bed every night and wonder why.
Going to Leanne's house
oMG GO AWAY NO BYE
Why does my mouth taste like this: the movie
Before you give up.. Think about why you held on for so long.
Vegass
im so turned on by this
Are there any cool old-person powers I can use? Are there any cool weapons/armors that unlock at level 29?
Kit kats right now would be cool
Anthea and I have been let loose again! Happy days (in Little Venice) xxx
I love the lyrics that explain exactly how I feel.
Thank you
My whole life is a mistake . How cool is that? So cool
Money
For the duration of my performance, the audience will sit in a huge lukewarm bath while I yell my ideas at them
Have you seen a whale before?
A Hookah sesh sounds so cool right nowwwwww.
I want to unfollow everyone omg
It'd be cool to have an entire house made of ice. Hey dude want a cold one? Just reach in the couch. want a snack slide into the kitchen man
i feel like 
Yes ppl you can smoke weed WITHOUT posting pictures of you doing it.  
shoutout to those bugs in the mummy that went in your skin 
Oh you're cool enough to reply with a one word response? I'm cool enough to not respond.
This the video..? 
i am going to be so sad in the summer considering i don't talk to anyone as it is so i will be home all day everyday lonely 
Made me cry.
Another win
This is true? Seriously? Realtalk? 
Update again. Haha! :) 
I want.
I CANT BREATH
so bored what to do 
You real live got identity issues
Sitting with the homies
Just posted a #selfie 
A lousy attempt at a #selfie 
when u dont like my selfie
they rly look alike omg (´•_•`) 
yall are getting upset like is my follow made of gold bc if thats tthe case then 
ppl say I don't selfie enough. something I never thought I'd hear. never posted this so here
SELFIE OF THE YEAR
Why do people take pride in not replying and having lots of unread messages ?
I wonder what I can do to step my selfie game up...selfie stick!
When bae posts a selfie 
Taking a selfie in the voting booth is against the law. So don't post a selfie or 
Those selfie sticks are hilarious. It looks like someone's pointing a sword towards the camera. a picture of your ballot.
Late selfie :) nini guys and gals. Hitting the hay with my lil fam <3 
Your crush was wearing my shirt in her selfie.
Thought I might as well post a selfie since I haven't posted one yet...
Way 5 Why so Handsome? 
Have you ever noticed the ridiculous selfies celebs take? 
dk here's a selfie
greatest selfie ever
If you hate me, then I must be proud. You know why? Because I'm so simple but you are insecure.
That selfie song is the dumbest song ever.
But first, let me take a selfie!
Marvelous
Why am I up so early? This is different i'm scared! What if i start needing evening naps?
Don't stop me. Don't crush me. Love me til tomorrow
I thought,why these folks so interested in asking me questions when they so uninterested back when I didn't pay 2k a month to a publicist.